What is going on guys and welcome to our project and this project we're going to be creating a responsive
web site using H M L and C Ss and using CIRCE's fluxbox and C S as grid.
So both of them for our response are also going to work with a Jake Weary plugins and the actual Querrey
for some custom things.
So here the first thing that we're going to do is we're going to build more here the nav bar right.
And you can see that it's going to be responsive.
So as we go to the smaller screen when we're going to have a toggle button we can have our links over
here right and you can see these are going to be our font.
Awesome.
However if we go to a bigger screen right we're going to actually use a flex to have more here are now
a bar like this.
We're also going to have a smooth scrolling.
So going out a Jake where we code for a small scrolling so you can see or hear if I press it and go
to services and a portfolio back to services back at home right and or here you can see that it's happening.
And after that now we're all going to have or here a position fixed it.
All right.
So as I started scrolling down and you can see the numbers actually staying in it doesn't matter how
low I go.
Right.
I'm always going to have more here now.
Now after that we're going to have a bad intersection here with these two buttons here like this.
Then on here we're going to have this little small section and we're going to look at how we can use
a C Ss to make these kinds of effects.
All right so we have all had this banner but you can see here this is going to be slow and then over
here we're going to war build our skills section right.
And again we're going to cover how we can make with scissors all kinds of shapes over here like this.
Right.
So as I make the screen smaller right you can see that we're going to be having it responsive.
And again we're going to look at both.
We're going to look at how we can do this with a flex box and how we can do this with scissors.
Right side by side there is going to be a code and you can see the difference here.
Next one is going to be this action right.
Some Scrabble here.
We're going to create a input then we're going to look at how we can style it like this.
Right.
So we have only one border on the bottom.
And again you can see that there's going to be a background right.
The background is going to be parallax effect right so as that ASMS calling you can see the images.
However the whole section is going to have the slanted effect.
And then we're going to have a future project.
We're going to be actually using a Jake replugging called isotopes.
Right.
So basically what it does is you can see that I'm going to have a button.
These are going to be let's say on my project.
But as I click right it the city shows up then only the country then the water.
All right.
And in fact like all Oriol going to come back and again by default right away it's made responsa.
So you can see how this action is going to look like actually make it like this.
And then after that we'll going to have a About section we're going to be using or hear the accordion
from a J Querrey right.
That's going to be our next section.
You know here we're going to have a current project section we're going to have another jay Querrey
plug in.
This is going to be magnifica pop up.
All right.
So here we have a simple portfolio.
However as we click it over here can go around right and we can actually have all these all these kind
of images right now after that we would want a number count section right.
So again simple or here section our We're using a counter-sue right.
So we have a phantasm.
We have users.
However the numbers are going to be counting.
And this is gammoning is going to be a J.
Replugged.
Now again all the sections right.
Response.
So on the smaller screen you can see there's going to be two of them right.
Can Close the novel here.
And if we go them the smaller screen there's going to be actually only one.
All right so they're all all going to be responsive.
I'm just not going to be repeating this video because it doesn't make sense right.
If I said to you that actual page is responsive then that means every section is going to be responsive
where this is going to be.
Our developers section.
Right.
So this could be our team section or here again we're going to look at how we can make cards how we
can place images or hear something like this.
Then over here we're going to use a flex box to place these fonts are somewhat icons like this right
then or here we're going to be using again.
Jake where you why.
I like to make these programs more or this.
Then I'm thrilled that this is going to be our prices section.
We're going to have everything black right over here and this is going to be our card and it is going
to have a white background.
And after that we're going to have a they say so basically quotes and for this one we're going to be
using a query plug in all curso here and you can see where we're going to be we will be able to slide
on this and we're going to look at how we can customize.
That's right.
Because by default they're not going to have these colors.
And after that this is going to be our photo section.
We're going to have embedded Google Maps on here.
This is going to be check boxes side by side with a text.
And again like I said everything is responsive.
So if we go to the smaller screen we're going to have them side by side here.
The prices are here like this right.
However if I got even smaller sized This is going to be here like a single item and the same or here
goes for these check boxes.
No here for Google Maps.
So let's get ready and let's start working on this exciting project.